- She had a captivating allure. Her photographs on the dating app were alluring and inviting. But to the surprise (or dread) of Indian men, she was only seeking out for black men with puffed up muscles and abs and big dicks, which look as if they work out as well. Graceful thicc body curves, elegant suckable mildly thick lips, thirst in her eyes, slender nose, perfectly proportioned. Anybody would long to be in bed with a woman like her. She had voluptuous, round, big, supple boobs. The ones you would dream of and do all kind of things with them — motorboating, fucking your swollen dick in them, cumming on them, sucking them, fondling them, tickling them, slapping them, sleeping on them.
- As I started talking to her as my girlfriend (if it's not clear from [[The Woman Who Got Really Interested In My Girlfriend and Shared Her Forays Into The Wild World of Seeking Pleasure, Introduced to by Her Husband.]] I talked with other women with consent from my girlfriend and didn't incite them or do anything wrongly, talked with her as much as my girlfriend would), I got to know that she was knee deep in FOMO. Her friends in US were going wild and crazy with black men, sending her pictures of big, black, muscled dicks, reaching the depths of their vagina in missionary and still having 40% of their dick out in the atmosphere. Since she was talking to my girlfriend, she was gladly sharing all those photographs. In one of them, one of her white friends was hanging mid air over the bed, as the black man held her by her thigh – by wrapping both of his arms around it, standing on the bed, fucking her in mid air.
- She was obsessed about the fact that African American men had 10-11 inch long dicks. She said she wanted to experience the best that there is and didn't want to do it with any Indian men. Despite telling that we were not looking to be with another man, let alone a black men, she just enticing her to join her when she finds a black men to be with, to go wild like it wouldn't be possible with any Indian man.
- I told her (as my girlfriend) that it took my hedonistic senses a little love and attachment to come forth in all its wild glory. I very kindly also told her what fault it is of the Indian men to have not born in the lineage of human evolution which has long dicks in the DNA structure and genes itself. She said, that the way I(my girlfriend) put it made her a little jealous. And she parted ways, saying the best to us and to continue her foray into finding a muscled black man with a big dick and infinite libido.
- She apologised for having ranted her lasciviousness so outwardly and forthrightly. I said she needn't apologise at all and that I respected her desires and wished the best of luck to her.